# mygolang-lco

## Install

// https://ubuntuhandbook.org/index.php/2024/02/how-to-install-go-golang-1-22-in-ubuntu-22-04/

## See also

Let's go with golang
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa

https://pkg.go.dev/

https://github.com/hiteshchoudhary/golang

## 03 Golang installation and hello world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62qGe9yhiJI&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=3

go mod init hello

go run main.go

## 04 GOPATH and reading go docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEZlivtFOZk&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=4

## 05 Lexer in golang and Types
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elYPAeX9h1E&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=5

## 06 Variables, types and constants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fYqg6uo-UU&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=6

go mod init variables

go run main.go

## 07 Comma ok syntax and packages in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYIZtbyUIDY&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=7

go mod init userinput

go run main.go

## 08 Conversions in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j43y-PFJPI&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=8

go mod init conversion

go run main.go

## 09 Handling time in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsAz24z4Hdg&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=9

go mod init mytime

go run main.go

## 10 Build for windows, linux and mac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vxsO5vMTAw&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=10

go env

GOOS="linux" go build

go build

## 11 Memory management in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1SP9uDJD0g&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=11

## 12 Pointers in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BFJ0dZyxHg&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=12

go mod init mypointers

go run main.go

## 13 Array in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoUSa8jtadE&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=13

go mod init myarray

go run main.go

## 14 Slices in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7hVj8QL9Co&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=14

go mod init myslices

go run main.go

## 15 How to remove a value from slice based on index in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=931nR5TGCAk&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=15

...

## 16 Maps in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0R6H1m9o78&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=16

go mod init mymaps

go run main.go

## 17 Structs in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMTN543WVQY&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=17

go mod init mystructs

go run main.go

## 18 If else in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_xNeRurjZY&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=18

go mod init ifelse

go run main.go

## 19 Switch case in golang and online playground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up4lTPhJBvs&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=19

go mod init switchcase

go run main.go

## 20 Loop break continue and goto in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWBA3l818y0&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=20

go mod init loops

go run main.go

## 21 Functions in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcUST3QvVOQ&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=21

go mod init functions

go run main.go

## 22 Methods in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhYIKwMxz_Y&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=22

go mod init methods

go run main.go

## 23 Defer in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiy584-vv38&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=23

go mod init defer

go run main.go

## 24 Working with files in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mdg3tlGUXrE&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=24

go mod init files

go run main.go

## 25 Handling web request in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru53LpdVHn4&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=25

https://pkg.go.dev/net/http

https://github.com/hiteshchoudhary/lcodev

go mod init lcorequest

go run main.go

## 26 Handling URL in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl7_ouTMFh0&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=26

go mod init urls

go run main.go

## 27 Creating server for golang frontend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh79JXJy0yY&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=27

https://github.com/hiteshchoudhary/golang

/home/ubuntuuser/Projects/learning/HiteshChoudhary/golang/lcowebserver

npm install

## 28 How to make GET request in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-sxFQ0fWlw&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=28

go mod init webverbs

go run main.go

## 29 How to make POST request with JSON data in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5NeKZuzUoc&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=29

---

## 30 How to send form data in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_LjyX4iDbU&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=30

---

## 31 How to create JSON data in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ5xZ9OTeEI&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=31

go mod init myjson

go run main.go

## 32 How to consume JSON data in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a96veXdifys&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=32

---

## 33 A long video on MOD in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8uUGEobo-Q&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=33

go run main.go

go mod init github.com/common1/mymodules

go get -u github.com/gorilla/mux

go build .

go mod tidy

go mod verify

go list all

go list -m all

go list -m -versions github.com/gorilla/mux

go mod why github.com/gorilla/mux

go mod graph

go mod edit -go 1.16

go mod edit -module 1.16

go mod vendor

go run -mod=vendor main.go

## 34 Building API in golang - Models
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrouRtr5xWE&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=34

go mod init github.com/common1/buildapi

go get -u github.com/gorilla/mux

## 35 Sending a API json response for all courses in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3S3hKrIdQo&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=35

---

## 36 Get one course based on request id in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1J1sgKriM-o&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=36

---

## 37 Add a course controller in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMpBUkIMLzY&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=37

...

## 38 Update a course controller in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQpB_QSgmXU&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=38

...

## 39 Delete a course controller in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1nJBaCzkHI&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=39

...

## 40 Handling routes and testing routes in golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NedcxRgo4DY&list=PLRAV69dS1uWQGDQoBYMZWKjzuhCaOnBpa&index=40

...

Current: 4:23

